Add adversary model and revision section to common threat model (#30)
apache/logging-site: src/site/antora/modules/ROOT/pages/_threat-model-common.adoc

Defining these capabilities clarifies which reports are in scope: a report that requires a capability not listed here is **not** considered a vulnerability.

In-scope adversary::
+
An in-scope adversary is any party whose data reaches the logging framework **exclusively** through the untrusted sources described above.
Such an adversary is assumed to be able to:
+
* Submit arbitrary byte sequences, including malformed text encodings and control characters (such as `CR`, `LF` and `NUL`), through log messages, the string representation of log parameters, and the keys and values of the thread context.
* Submit excessively long inputs, within whatever limits the calling application enforces.
* Submit input that resembles the framework's own interpolation or lookup syntax, including input that triggers recursive interpolation.

Out-of-scope adversary::
+
The following adversaries are explicitly **out of scope**; a report relying on any of these capabilities will not be accepted:
+
* An adversary able to modify environment variables, configuration properties, or configuration files: these are trusted sources (see <<threat-common-sources>>).

> * An adversary able to execute code in the same process as the logging framework, including through plugins or other extensions added to the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An adversary able to execute arbitrary code in the same process as the logging framework. Code running in the same process shares the same trust level as the logging framework itself; there is no boundary to enforce. This includes code introduced through plugins, custom appenders, or other application extensions.
```

> * An adversary able to cause a self-referential or otherwise non-terminating object structure to be passed to a log statement.

Reviewer 2: As stated here, this sounds like it might exclude log4shell, although line 85 seems to accept it.  do you have a good example to show for this?

I wonder if we should add something like "this is treated as a normal bug, and hardening suggestions/PRs are welcome"

Author: You mean line 92?

The intention is to exclude adversaries that already can execute code in the JVM: there is no trust boundary between the user code and Log4j.

Any suggestions on how to improve this?

Author: I applied Jan's proposal in https://github.com/apache/logging-site/pull/30/commits/0a96c3b5f4f476dc5b737fee2695a84226d7d81b
